In /home/zz/Work/github_personal/stock-selector I wrote a repo that uses LLM to analyse a stock and give buy/hold/sell
ratings. I would like to rebuild it based on the agentic architecture, in this folder. I want to use this as a learning
approach, to use all important methodology, practice, and protocols for developing deep agents. Think about it, usually when I
ask an AI for stock advice, I open Claude/ChatGPT, I have turns of conversation and will ask things like, recent news driving
the dip or rise, the macro economic environment, the fundamentals to decide if the value of the stock is fair, insider
buys/sells recently, the wider index and sector performance etc... it can depends on many many factors, and really you'd need
different speciality to focus on one area (like a subagent). And for that area, you might even need specific tools, MCP servers
 (for getting data). Generic tools may also be useful like those to create charts, tables, for visualisation. The point is, you
 cant predict a certain flow of conversation, you'd need to respond to the user's request cleverly, plan, act, and orchestrate.
 That's why I want to build it as a full, agentic system. I have never done this before, that's why I said I want to use this
as a way for learning. I have done some online courses, and I know you have expert knowledge of this area tool. In this folder
/home/zz/Work/github_personal/learning, I cloned repos and content that cover different areas of building deep agents, such as
tracing and evaluation using langsmith, agent long term memory (which we should do as well, to remember user conversation and
sessions), fundamental courses on the deep agent architecture and practice, etc.  I want you to read these resources, do your
web search and reading, as well as using the /kb-agentic-patterns knowledge base, to collect necessary knowledge first. Then,
act as an experienced, expert deep agentic system engineer, advise me how to start. We are starting from scratch, so feel free
to create as many documentation as you need. I magine you might need to identify big areas to go through with me, and then
drill into each area further. We don't have to complete all details in one session, the important thing is scaffolding,
defining directions, identify important patterns/methodologies/practices I should use, then follow through each of them in
depth later. Think how you'd guide a phd student to write up their thesis, from finding the broad direction, to narrowing
scope, to outline, to chaper writerup, putting things together, etc...
